README.md, before:

# 🎵 Final Project (Music)

Welcome to **Final Project (Music)** — a responsive, interactive music-themed website built using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and JavaScript. It features dynamic theming, multimedia integration, and an interactive playlist concept.

---


---

## 🌐 Live Preview

> https://jimwall0.github.io/Final-Project-Music-/ (static version) 

---

## 🌐 Hosted with Firebasw

> https://the-big-playlist.web.app/ (static version) 

---

## 🧰 Built With

- **HTML5** – semantic layout
- **CSS3** – custom styles & themes
- **Bootstrap 5** – responsive layout and components
- **JavaScript** – dynamic theme switching and interactivity
- **Google Fonts** – for a stylish, personalized look
- **Video backgrounds** – immersive media in hero and footer

---

## 🎨 Features

- 🎥 Hero and footer sections with looping background videos
- 🌗 Toggle between multiple themes:
  - Default (`styles.css`)
  - Neon (`neon.css`)
  - Dark Mode (`darkmode.css`)
- 🧠 Spotify-themed instructions for playlist submission
- 📱 Fully responsive layout with mobile-friendly navbar
- 🔗 Contact section with GitHub links to collaborators

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone This Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/final-project-music.git
cd final-project-music

## Authors
- https://github.com/TebariousBag
- https://github.com/Jimwall0

Commit message:

wrapped google form so its responsive

README.md, after:

# 🎵 Final Project (Music)

Welcome to **Final Project (Music)** — a responsive, interactive music-themed website built using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and JavaScript. It features dynamic theming, multimedia integration, and an interactive playlist concept.

---


---

## 🌐 Live Preview

> https://jimwall0.github.io/Final-Project-Music-/ (static version) 

---

## 🌐 Hosted with Firebase

> https://the-big-playlist.web.app/ (static version) 

---

### Main Three components
* - Hosted on Firebase - without the Google Form, paywall for that
* - CSS Framework, Bootstrap



## 🧰 Built With

- **HTML5** – semantic layout
- **CSS3** – custom styles & themes
- **Bootstrap 5** – responsive layout and components
- **JavaScript** – dynamic theme switching and interactivity
- **Google Fonts** – for a stylish, personalized look
- **Video backgrounds** – immersive media in hero and footer

---

## 🎨 Features

- 🎥 Hero and footer sections with looping background videos
- 🌗 Toggle between multiple themes:
  - Default (`styles.css`)
  - Neon (`neon.css`)
  - Dark Mode (`darkmode.css`)
- 🧠 Spotify-themed instructions for playlist submission
- 📱 Fully responsive layout with mobile-friendly navbar
- 🔗 Contact section with GitHub links to collaborators

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone This Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/final-project-music.git
cd final-project-music

## Authors
- https://github.com/TebariousBag
- https://github.com/Jimwall0
